hey guys today I'm gonna bring my top 10
favorite spring lip products so I
thought this would be a good idea
because I love bright lips and i just
love spring lip products so i thought it
would be fun to show you guys what i
like to wear so yeah I hear you guys
enjoyed this video and let's get started
so I'm just gonna start with what I have
on my lips right now and i have the 0
for a long lasting liquid lipstick in
hollywood and i got this in mind what's
it called i can I think of it my
subscription box and why can I think of
it boxy charm yeah I got some in a boxy
charm and I'm obsessed with this it's
such a pretty color I'm I don't even
just watch it because it's all my lips
right now and it's just a really really
bright color and I think it's super
pretty and it looks really good hits to
tame um so yeah sticking with like kind
of the liquid e lipsticks my next two
are both the wet and wild mega last
liquid lipsticks and I love these things
this first one is in the color pink
perfection which is a really natural
color this looks this is like a good
everyday like natural pink it's just
super pretties are so pigmented and they
do lost a really long time so this is
the first one and then the next color
that I have is this one in pocket full
of roses which I've talked about on my
channel before i was to the wrong pope
concert this one's a little bit darker
but it's still such a pretty rosy color
I just think it's so pretty that's right
there my next two are both the it
Georgiana twisting shine lip balm lip
stain type products the first one I have
here is called sweet pink and this one
is just a bright pink it's a little bit
more or less blue than this one but it's
still a blue tone and then this one
right here is insanely bright it is in a
candied coral and you guessed it it is a
right bright neon eat coral color right
there and then I have one lip gloss that
I really like and this is the NYX mega
shine lipgloss in la la I think
missglamorazzi instruct with this I've
had this for so long and it's super
pretty it's just a bright pink it's
similar to the color that's on my lips
right now but it's just a really good
gloss I have four lipsticks I'm going to
share with you guys so the first one is
the wet and wild lipstick in think pink
and this I bought because it was a dupe
for Angel by Mac and it's such a pretty
color um it's a good everyday pink right
there and it's just super pretty this
one is matt though unlike angel um but
it's really pretty and if you just put
on like a chopstick over it you're good
to go my next favorite is a color
whisper by Maybelline and this is in the
color coral ambition you can see like
the trend of my lip products i really
like corals or like pinks this one's a
little bit more of a lighter coral this
one's a little bit more wearable to like
for an everyday and then this i wore in
my easter get ready with me and so this
is the elf moisturizing lipstick in
coral cutie which is a bright bright
coral color and this is more of a red
coral than a pink coral it still has
some pink in it but it's so pretty and
they just my last favorite this is my
favorite lipstick of all time no matter
what the season but especially in the
spring I think it's such a pretty color
and this is the boreal lipstick in
tropical coral which it looks darker and
stuff but on your lips it is so such a
stunning and flattering color it has
purple undertones which i think is why
it's so flattering and it's not like a
flat matte either it's like a satiny
finish right there it's so pretty and
I'm so obsessed with it this is my
ultimate favorite lipstick and it's
drugstore so yeah that is it for my top
10 spring lipsticks I hope you guys
enjoyed this video um yeah you can
basically by every single thing at the
drugstore which is super awesome they're
all affordable and
yeah i just really like them so let me
know what your favorite spring lip
product is in the comments below and I
will see you guys at my next video bye